This Liu Yaochang is a liar. In fact, it is the Zhao family's holding point.
I've looked at every fake.
Exactly the same as the one I bought. Finally found their old man.
How many people know about it? I don’t know.
with our observations. The manager is an old woman.
Every time I say something, this woman follows. She is an old woman.
He's the one in charge. You know him.
This old woman is brother Li Feixing's aunt.
He was the one who kidnapped Li Feixing's seventh daughter.
I suddenly thought that the kidnapping of the Zhao family has been taken over by us.
The kidnapping Liu family has always been a cooperative relationship.
Will the mastermind behind this be unable to stay?
If you catch him and ask him, you must know the truth
What are you doing?
Isn't this my old brother?
How did you find it here?
Son, stop talking nonsense to them.
The two of them got busy
Take this good brother of mine with you